Shows your glucose on a Wear OS watch: the current value with a trend arrow, a chart across the whole round screen, and an optional forecast. It comes as a watch face, three tiles (glucose only; clock, glucose, heart rate and battery; and a light one), and an app, in GlucoseDAO colours. The face and one tile also show your heart rate from the watch's own sensor.

The watch reads Dexcom Share or your own Nightscout directly. There is no phone app and no extra server. Dexcom readings need Share turned on in the official Dexcom app, with at least one follower.

With Nightscout the watch also shows insulin and carbs on board from your loop (AAPS, Trio, iAPS, Loop), boluses and carbs on the chart, the last bolus and carbs, and the loop's own forecast. Nightscout works through API v1 or v3, with an access token or none for a public site.

This is not a medical device. Do not make treatment decisions from it. Keep using the official Dexcom app and its alarms.

Install both packages on the watch: this app, and the GlucoWatch watch face. The watch has no F-Droid app, and installing F-Droid on a phone does not copy these packages to the watch.

Download both APKs from their F-Droid pages. On the watch, open Settings, About watch, Software information, and tap Software version 5 times. In Developer options, turn on ADB debugging and Wireless debugging. The watch and the computer have to be on the same Wi-Fi.

Open Wireless debugging, tap Pair new device, and note the IP address, the pairing port, and the 6-digit code. The main Wireless debugging screen shows a second port. That one is the connection port.

On a computer with Android platform-tools installed:

adb pair <watch-ip>:<pair-port>
adb connect <watch-ip>:<connect-port>
adb install -r <the app apk>
adb install -r <the watch face apk>

Open GlucoWatch, tap Settings, and choose Dexcom Share (username, password and region) or Nightscout (the site's address and, for a private site, an access token with the readable role). Tap Save & test. Long-press the current watch face, swipe to the end, tap Add watch face and choose GlucoWatch face. If a slot is empty, long-press the face, tap Customize, tap the slot, and choose Glucose or Glucose chart. For a tile, swipe left from the face to the end of the tiles, tap Add tiles and choose Glucose, Glucose, time and heart, or Glucose (light). For heart rate on the tile, tap Allow heart rate in GlucoWatch Settings.

Turn Wireless debugging off afterwards. It uses extra battery. A newer version is installed the same way: adb install -r replaces the copy already on the watch.

From a phone, download both APKs in the browser, install Wear Installer 2, pair it from the watch's Wireless debugging screen, and send each file with Custom APK.
